hi marcona from never Co we're on the
water today with our NSO Evo 2 system
connected to a massive 24 inch
widescreen monitor the mo 24 touch so
this is a true multifunction system
we've got Sona side scan sonar down scan
sonar radar chart AIS and entertainment
all coming into the one display and with
24 inches it gives you a really really
clear picture of everything at the same
time and in a split screen mode so don't
have to change screen views much you can
just touch the particular screen that
you that you're working with and change
all of the settings at a key press if
you want to you can use the opie 40
controller if the waters getting a
little bit rougher it's hard to hard to
use the touch we've got our touch
sensible technology so we can just come
down here and use this controller to
control all of those functions again
very very simply they are microbrews the
product manager at some rate yelling and
we're out on the water today testing the
NSS Evo 2 so today we've got a duel at
Jul 12 inch screen setup we've got two
mounted side-by-side and typical
installation you'll have a chart setup a
one display and so
on the other screen makes it flexible
you can you can quickly manipulate your
chart while still viewing your sonar
simultaneously this is our work boat so
we've also got a 9 inch display set up
on the top and in this case it's running
our structure scan viewing out the left
and right hand side of the boat the
modules can be networked together they
all connect over Ethernet and all our
slicers will integrate nicely together
so we're doing on the NSS Evo 2 we're
doing a 7 inch screen which is smaller
than this one this is our 9 these are
our 12s and we're doing a larger 16 inch
display as well so on this boat we've
got quite a few additional network
performance modules we've got our 4G
radar which you can bring up and through
the XS from the home screen we've got
our b sm 2 deep water chirp sounder
which you can see running on this
display structure scan transducer
running up on the 9 inch screen this
boats also fitted with sonic hub audio
so we've got full entertainment control
through the display and we've also got
an auto pilot control built into these
displays as well so we also have our
iPad app so we've got go free on this
boat so we can run our we can run our
iPad app so great as a as a third screen
or basically an additional MFT you can
move around the boat you know if you're
fishing in the back corner you can set
it up and you've got your sonar display
right there really really awesome for
fishing
you